---
layout: post
title:  "28 July 2016"
date:   2016-07-28 12:19:46 +0300
categories: update tasks
---
Tasks Completed Today

- [x] Running / Exercising
- [x] Read Something
- [x] Study some Deep Learning
- [x] Do Some coding

# Running / Exercising
Today I ran `2.2Km in total`. 2Km warm-up run and then 2x100m fast run.

# Reading
Today I completed reading sections 1 to 5 of the Statistics book _Bayesian Inference by O'hagan and Forster_ I wrote about yesterday.

# Study Some Deep Learning
As planned I finished the below two tasks.

1. Go over the **ADGM** paper (The one written by **C** guys) and re-derive part of the equations with a small change.
2. In addition to the changes made in step 1. now make additional changes so that, the [graphical model][graphical-model] looks like the one from the `SS DGM` paper.

# Coding.

I finished upto section 4 (out of 5) of the [angular js][angular-js] course. I plan to finish the course tomorrow and then start working on an updates website / my homepage utilizing this new framework.


# Miscellaneous
- Wrote feedback for **PE** - for tutoring done in the beginning of the academic term last year. Pick up from airport etc.
- TODO  
    *  Read chapter 8 - _Graphical Models_ of PRML as suggested by **JK**

---------------- 

# Tentative Plan for Tomorrow
- Do the third derivation in Deep Learning.
- Finish section 5 of the [angular-js course][angular-course].
- Read subsections 5 to 10 of chapter 3 in Baysian Inference Book. 
- Tomorrow I also have a group meeting with **SK**, **SB**, **MP** for the Bayesian Reading course. We are having the meeting for the 2nd chapter in multiple parts because its quite long. 
- Run for 2.4Km


[kendall-img]: http://pictures.abebooks.com/isbn/9780340529225-us-300.jpg 
[graphical-model]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Graphical_model
[angular-js]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/AngularJS
[angular-course]: http://campus.codeschool.com/courses/shaping-up-with-angular-js
