---
layout: post
title:  "4 Aug 2016"
date:   2016-08-4 12:19:46 +0300
categories: update tasks
---
Tasks Completed Today

- [x] Running / Exercising
- [x] Read Something
- [x] Study some Deep Learning
- [x] Do Some coding

# Running / Exercising
Ran 3.2Km controlled pace and then 2x200m of fast run, followed by a few stretches. If you have noticed by now, I am increasing 200m everyday to the total distance I run. Ran in the evening.

# Reading
I read section 6.2.2.3 of the _DL Book_ as suggested by **JK**. The reason was that according to him [softmax function](softmax) generates probabilities for all the possible outcomes. But since it is known that if there are N possible outcomes we only need the probabilities of N-1 outcomes and the probability of the last one can be figured out from the equation , 
$$P_{N} = 1- \sum_{i=1}^{N-1} P_i$$. Such that the sum of all the $$P_i$$ 's is 1 (as should be in any valid probability distribution).

# Study Some Deep Learning
During my last meeting with **JK** we had a question that when doing semi-supervised learning we need to predict the label of a given data point. In the **ADGM** paper, how are they predicting the labels for data points ? I looked through the code of the **ADGM** paper to figure out this and will be making a note of this in my diary tomorrow (5th August).

# Coding.
I continued building my website and today I translated a project report from one of the courses on Information visualization from PDF to HTML. No tool used, copied from PDF and formatted it using HTML and CSS. I completed that while I was sitting at the local library while I was waiting for the rain to stop so that I could goto Bank to complete my task. (As we discussed in our phone call today, 4th August, morning). 
Will send you a link to view the report via Whatsapp.

# Miscellaneous
- TODO  
    *  Read chapter 8 - _Graphical Models_ of PRML as suggested by **JK**

---------------- 

# Tentative Plan for Tomorrow
- Continue working on my website, I will be converting another report to HTML for the website.
- Write the algorithm for the derivations I did in deep learning.
- Read subsections 30 to 40 of chapter 3 in Baysian Inference Book. 
- Run for 3.4Km


[kendall-img]: http://pictures.abebooks.com/isbn/9780340529225-us-300.jpg 
[graphical-model]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Graphical_model
[angular-js]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/AngularJS
[angular-course]: http://campus.codeschool.com/courses/staying-sharp-with-angular-js/
[plank-exercise]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Plank_(exercise)
[softmax]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Softmax_function
